♪
( girl )
Hey, did you hear ?
Two kids from our school
made it to the finals in
the World Duel Carnival !
They did ?
Who are they ?
( panting )
Well, Shark made it,
of course,
and that really
clumsy kid too.
Oh, that's Yuma...
Hey, how does his catchphrase
go again ?
It's something like...
Watch out '''cause
I'm feeling the flow !
( yelling )
Hey, ladies.
Can I interest you in
a finalist's autograph ?
A real-world Duel Carnival
finalist to be exact !
You there,
step right up !
Don't be shy !
( Yuma )
How about you ?
Or you ?
Isn't your friend Yuma
getting a little
carried away ?
Don't you mean
a lot carried away ?
What a dope.
In the end, I couldn't
agree with you more.
So, who's
gonna be first ?
( girl )
I am !
C'mon, let go,
it's attached, you know !
Not for long
if you don't move it.
♪
You know, you've really let
making the finals
go to your head.
Okay, maybe I did
get a little carried away
when I started charging
money for autographs.
But you can't blame me.
I mean,
check this out !
Ta-da !
A special invitation.
To a party the night before
the Duel Carnival finals !
Whoa !
I bet it'll be packed
with celebrity duelists !
I've got the cat's meow
of an outfit.
Uh...
Hey, guys ?
Are you forgetting
that this is my party ?
♪
Yuma's going to
the party of the year...
but he's not the only one
who's gonna stand
in the spotlight !
♪
♪ If life is a game
they say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die ♪
♪ If I high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings ♪
♪ Takeoff
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
♪
Vetrix !
Wait !
Please hear me out,
you have to !
I wanna
show you what I can do !
Give me the same powers
you entrusted to Trey.
And why should
I do that, Quattro ?
So you can squander them
and fail me,
just like your
brother Trey did ?
Vetrix !
How can you be so cold
and ruthless ?
Trey dueled
the Original Number for you
and look at him now !
What more
do you want ?
It's quite simple
really.
Results.
And I've found someone
who is more likely
to deliver than you.
Reginald Kastle.
Ah, but you would likely
know him better by his
dueling moniker, Shark !
♪
No !
Give me a chance, Vetrix,
please !
♪
Master Kite,
please listen to me !
If you continue to use
Photon Transformation
to win duels
and acquire Numbers,
the stress your body
endures may...
( man )
I do hope
I'm not interrupting anything.
Just checking to see if
everything is all right.
No, no, it's not !
Master Kite
is physically...
I'm fine, Heartland.
Ah, that's
the spirit, Kite.
Now that so many Numbers have
gathered in Heartland City,
things are
really heating up.
So it goes without saying
that I appreciate you
doing this for me.
It's for Hart...
I'm dueling for Hart,
not you, understand ?
Hart, me,
does it really matter ?
As long as you get
all the Numbers.
That's what counts.
Am I right, Kite ?
It's been fun chatting.
But I have to run to get ready for tonight's festivities.
Ta-ta...
That Mr. Heartland certainly
has a cheery disposition.
Orbital, can it,
before I can you.
♪
Look at all the people here
for tonight's party !
I know, right ?
I'm glad I bought a new
dress for the occasion !
Tori...
You know, there aren't many
people who could pull off
a dress like that.
And you almost did;
and I do mean almost.
"""Almost" huh ?
How dare you ?
Especially when you look
like you picked your outfit
out of the kitty litter.
Kitty litter ?
You don't scare me !
Tori, Cathy !
Would you two
cool it ?
This is no place
for a cat fight !
Ah, Heartland.
Built by Dr. Faker...
Heartland is a mesmerizing
paradise
forged to delight
and awe crowds of all ages.
And to commemorate tonight's
World Duel Carnival
festivities,
Mr. Heartland has transformed
this already beautiful
attraction
into a truly
jaw-dropping spectacle.
You sound like
a brochure.
It seems that a Number
I retrieved from Trey
held a memory fragment
containing extensive knowledge
about this place
known as Heartland.
Just great,
as if you weren't already
enough of a know-it-all.
♪
( Bronk )
Yo, check it.
The party's that way.
( Caswell )
Complete with a red carpet !
I do hope I look
my best !
Well, what do you
say we get walking ?
Get walkin' where ?
This is invitation only,
so make with
the invites or scram !
Not a problem.
An invitation,
is that all, sir ?
Here you are.
You forgot it,
didn't you ?
Yuma...
But I am a World Duel Carnival
finalist !
There's no way a scrawny
pipsqueak like you
made it into
the Carnival finals.
But I did !
Then make with
the invitation,
or you're not
getting in...
Well, I...
Stop wasting our time !
Don't listen to him.
An invitation's not
the only way into a party.
Whaddaya mean, Flip ?
I'm so glad
you asked, Yuma.
♪
( Flip )
Welcome to the Flip Side !
If you can't walk on the red
carpet, crawl underneath it.
If my new dress gets stained,
you're paying for it, Flip.
Thank you, thank you,
you're too kind !
( yelling )
♪
It's that kid again !
Gotta go !
Yuma !
Not without us !
♪
I'm having a great time
at this party, Yuma, really.
♪
I see no reason why
we should all get in trouble.
This masked duelist is
giving me an idea.
( man )
There's nowhere
to run, kid !
This is all
a big misunders--
I've got you now !
( man )
Well, well, well,
if it isn't Yuma Tsukumo !
Oh, Nistro, sir !
The evening's just begun
and you already got yourself
in trouble.
This spiky-haired punk
tried to
crash the party.
It's all right.
Believe it or not,
this spiky-haired punk
actually is a finalist.
Are you sure ?
I'm going to pretend you
didn't just second-guess me.
Sorry...
( chuckling )
Let's get outta here !
Yeah, you might say I carry
a little weight around here.
Hmph, a """thank you"
wouldn't of hurt.
♪
Whoa !
Check it !
I know, look at all
the duelists
from around the world !
Oh, my gosh,
is that him ?!
Look over there,
from Brazil...
Pepe """The Panther" Perez !
And over there,
it's the noble Lord Percius.
Incredible...
Uh-oh !
The Triad of Terror !
Coyote !
Jackal !
And their leader,
Wolfsbane !
They're real bad news !
Speaking of...
Where's Kite ?
A-ha !
There you are !
Huh ?
I've seen that
guy before...
It's you again.
You're as persistent
as your father.
Huh ?
What do you know
about my father ?
Your father is alive,
Yuma.
He's in Astral World.
( Yuma )
Time to find out
what this guy knows...
♪
Now, Kite,
this isn't like you...
Don't you have any loyalty
to your former pupils ?
How could you let anything
happen to my brother Hart ?
Explain yourself !
You owe me that !
My two brothers and I simply
do as Vetrix wishes.
Vetrix ?
You'll meet him
soon enough.
You mean
he's in the finals ?
What're you staring at ?
I sensed it earlier,
but now I can even feel it.
You're not well,
are you ?
You should be
careful who you challenge...
I gotta find out what that
guy knows about my dad !
♪
Where did they go ?
That guy could be the key
to finding my father.
Okay, which one of you
lovely ladies is next ?
Me !
When it comes to
signing autographs,
your wish is my command.
♪
Out of the way !
Move people !
♪
Shark !
Quattro.
I figured you'd be inside,
signing autographs
for your little fan club.
Enjoy it
while you can.
Because soon...
I'll make sure your fans
find out that
you're just
a phony feeding them lies.
♪
( woman )
I heard Kite.
What brings you here,
Dextra ?
I wish it weren't so
but I've learned the truth.
What're you
talking about ?
I heard from the doctors
who analyzed
your medical reports.
They told me what stress
your body has been enduring.
You're dueling
for Hart.
That much is clear.
I know you have to collect
Numbers to help him
but listen...
Kite...
If you choose to
keep hunting Numbers
throughout the Carnival
finals,
the toll it takes
on your body could--
Vetrix is in
the finals !
He's the one responsible
for what happened to Hart.
But, Kite...
But nothing.
Dextra...
I must face him.
But, Kite, think.
At what cost ?
You should be pleased,Heartland,
your partyis a big success.
Yes, everything's
going according to plan.
Have all the finalistsbeen assembled ?
Almost.
There's only one
who hasn't shown yet.
Who is it ?
Someone who goes by
the name of Vetrix.
Vetrix ?
Yes, do you know him ?
No...
Well, I'm sure
this Vetrix fellow
will show up soon enough
to the party.
Speaking of which,
I really must go attend to it.
I don't see
Flip anywhere...
In the end, if he'd just
stuck with us,
he'd be at
the party right now.
Can it be ?
Whoa !
It's the legendary powerhouse
duelist-slash-rock-n-roll
legend-slash eccentric
tabloid newsmaker...
Count Crazy Fang !
Can you sign this ?
Wow, who knew Caswell was
such an autograph hound ?
Thank you,
oh, thank you, sir !
♪
Are you ready ?
Make some noise !
♪
Ladies and gentlemen,
welcome one
and all to Heartland !
Are you ready to get
this party started ?
( cheers and applause )
As you all know,
the World Duel Carnival finals
start tomorrow !
So, without further adieu,
meet our 23 finalists !
First is...
( crowd gasping )
( woman )
My stars !
( man )
My wallet !
( woman )
If I thought it was
going to be this...
( man )
What is the meaning of this ?
Well, I never !
( Vetrix cackling )
What's going on ?
♪
( gasping )
( giggling )
Nice cake !
Looks delicious...
Who...
Who are you ?
You mean me ?
The name is Vetrix.
Vetrix...
( cackling )
Heartland...
( chuckling )
Uh, yes,
that's me.
We've been expecting you,
Vetrix.
And you can
expect this:
I will crush all
the finalists !
And I'm
a man of my word.
( cackling )
Such a lovely party !
I look forward to getting
to know all of you better.
♪
Or at the very least...
one of you !
Peek-a-boo !
I see you !
( cackling )
He knows I am here ?
How is that
possible ?
( cackling )
( crowd gasping )
( woman )
Did I just see that ?
( man )
Where did he go ?
( woman )
That's outrageous.
Who was that guy ?
♪
A-ha !
There he is !
That's the one !
Imposter !
♪
( yelling )
( screaming )
Don't these stilts
come with brakes ?
Aww, not you again !
No, not me again !
♪
In the end,
I guess that Flip
did get into the party
after all !
Hey, stop !
This is a simple
misunderstanding !
♪
( yelling )
Vetrix...
♪
Kite,
how is Hart ?
I wouldn't worry
about my brother.
I'd would worry about facing
me in the finals.
Bring it on, Kite.
I will defeat you.
We'll see.
I'm not talking to you,
Yuma.
You're not
worth my time.
I'm talking to
Astral !
To Astral ?
♪
So you want to hire
the Triad of Terror ?
Correct.
Well, we don't
come cheap.
I assure you,
money is no object for us.
Name any price you wish
and it's yours.
So, who's the target ?
A boy named
Yuma Tsukumo.
♪
All right !
( cackling )
♪